Okay,
guys.
Um,
for the final time,
welcome back on.
Congratulations.
Okay.
And well done.
You've almost completed the course.
Now,
do you remember at the start of the course when you took the 1st 2 tests?
Of course you do.
Well,
now we're going to take the final tests again.
I'm going to give you two lists,
one with items,
one with numbers on.
I'll leave each of them on the screen for about one minute.
And your mission,
should you choose to accept it,
is to memorize those lists in order when the list goes off screen,
pause the lecture and write down your answers,
then hit play,
and I'll show you the list again.
There.
Mark your answers.
Scoring one point for each item on a bonus.
10 points for each item.
If you got them in order.
Ready?
Here's test one.
-
Okay
.
Got them.
Pause the lecture.
No.
And write down your answers.
And when you're ready,
hit play,
and I'll show you the answers again.
Well done.
Okay.
Ready for test two,
Hagos.
Okay.
Got them.
Pause the lecture now,
and write down your answers.
And when you're ready,
hit play and I'll show you the answers again.
Okay.
And well done again.
How did you do Compared those scores to the first time you took those tests?
How far have you come?
Remember,
this course is always available to you so you can watch it as many times as you want That
the process of creating images and scenes is possibly new to you.
The more you practice,
the more naturally it happens.
And the more you do it,
the more powerful your natural memory becomes.
If you enjoyed the course,
please consider leaving an honest review to share your experience with other students.
If you didn't,
please tell me now remember,
I'm here to support you in any way I can.
So feel free to drop me any questions in the Q and A.
Or you can contact me at my website.
Alan G.
Jarvis stock Come